#labels Featured
== v0.4.5 (2014-08-12)==
  * Pushbullet protocoll has changed a little which cause it's no longer working
  * Bug with Drag and Drop which sometimes fails.
  * Ebook is not shown after import if the book list is empty
  * Amazon has changed it's site so the metadata downloader no longer find the author.
== v0.4.4 (2014-08-03)==
  * Pushbullet support. Now it's possible to send ebooks with pushbullet to one or more devices.
  * Sometimes changes are not detected in the metadata sheet and the save button did got get enabled.
  * CBR and CBZ support for pdf scissors which is now simply named doc scissors.
  * Combobox with Checkboxes rewritten because it works not with Web L&F.
  * New Web L&F 1.28
  * Many minor changes and improvements
== v0.4.3 (2014-07-05)==
  * Update to Jmupdf 0.5.0
  * Default "import" location always available as a registered base path.
  * New file renaming tool with pattern supports.
  * New folder action allows to create folders
  * pdfscissors no longer locks the origin pdf on windows
  * pdfscissors now closing after save
  * base path tree show visible sub entries no longer as grayed, invisible ones
  * Many minor changes and improvements
== v0.4.2 (2014-04-23)==
  * Bugfix for new Web L&F 1.27 library
== v0.4.1 (2014-04-21)==
  * Deliver new Web L&F 1.27
  * Sometimes a click into the library tree is not recognized with Web L&F *fixed*
  * Startup is very slow if the clipboard contains something large *fixed*
  * New folders will be recognized during runtime after a folder refresh now.
  * Drag & Drop and Clipboard actions will delete the source file in any case and gets no longer be affected by the "delete source" property.
  * Windows path separators make some problem with H2 queries. *fixed*
== v0.4.0 (2014-04-05)==
  * Bugfix for new installations.
== v0.3.9 (2014-30-03)==
  * Metadata downloader did not writes the cover image into the document if the document did not already have a cover (The cover downloader does).
  * Exchanges the underlying database system. Now using H2 instead of OrientDB. I run into too many bugs with OrientDB to getting Jeboorker running stable.
  * Implemented the great looking //Web Look and Feel// and made it as the default look and feel.
== v0.3.8 (2013-11-25)==
  * HTML mata data reader is able to add common meta data like author or title to the Jeboorker index.
  * Rename cell component rewritten because the old one did not works reliable.
  * Rename cell component no longer allows to change file extension which makes it easier to navigate.
  * Displaying expand symbols for base path root nodes no longer depending at the look and feel.
  * Faster directory reading for the file system tree.
== v0.3.7 (2013-07-28)==
  * Look and Feel support
  * The main table is now striped slightly
  * Minor performance improvements
  * Save button is no longer toggled without making a real change in the meta data.
== v0.3.6 (2013-06-23)==
  * Better suggestions for file renaming
  * Empty meta data reader for unsupported file formats. Any file format can be added with the preferences dialog.
  * The automatic save mechanism sets the selection to the clicked entry in the ebook list now.
  * Added Folders get watched for changes.
  * Sometimes, the underlying database creates duplicates *fixed*
  * Read only HTML meta data support.
  * Find action did not show up when the main table is scrolled down *fixed*.